From: kailinding@hotmail.com [mailto:kailinding@hotmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, November 05, 2017 11:40 AM
To: bol@fc.com
Cc: Gao CONG; yyzhu@whu.edu.cn
Subject: Questions about your paper 'Influence Spread Path and its Application to the Time Constrained Social Influence Maximization Problem and Beyond'

 

Dear Dr. Liu,
My name is Kailin Ding, a student in Wuhan University. I have great interest in your article published in 2014, The Influence Spreading Path and its Application to the Time Constrained Social Influence Maximization Problem and Beyond. In the paper, you proposed a highly efficient and effective algorithm, MISP.

However, I have met with a problem about how to store the influence spread path while implementing this algorithm. In section 4.3, you explained how to calculate the length of the paths between two nodes. For each edge, you put T edges logically with different probabilities and lengths while T was the given deadline. Therefore, in a same path, there may be many cases with the certain length.



Using a simple path={u1,u2,u3} as an example in the figure, t is the delay time and p represents the activation probability between two nodes. If deadline T = 3, there are two possible paths of which lengths are 3 as following: Path1: (u1,u2)=1 and (u2,u3)=2; Path2: (u1,u2)=2 and (u2,u3)=1. Would I need to store both two paths? Or only one path? If storing all possible cases, the amount of computation can increase exponentially with the increase of deadline T when calculating the probability that one node is activated by seeds at time t (by function AP, in Section 4.3.3). How do you solve it?

I was wondering if you could provide some more details or the algorithm codes. Looking forward to hearing from you.

Thank you for your time.

 

Best regards,

Kailin Ding

 

Best Regards!
Kailin Ding
Computer School, Wuhan University
Mobile: (+86)18980815603
E-mail: dk027biu@whu.edu.cn

Mr. 先生  Mrs. 女士 (已婚) Miss 小姐 (未婚)  Ms. 女士 (已婚或未婚都可)

Dr./博士